0: I don't have a name
1: Do you know about evolution stones? They help certain Pokemon to evolve. There are Moon Stones, Water Stones, Fire Stones, Thunder Stones, and Leaf Stones. I got one last week!
2: This cave has lots of Pokemon! Did you know that Moon Stones cause Nidorina, Nidorino, Jigglypuff, and Clefairy to evolve? It's super cool! They are really rare, but I found one here.
3: Hi, I'm Bill, and I'm a Pokemon Researcher. I like to study Pokemon! I also designed the PC Pokemon Storage Box. You may have used this system at the Pokemon Centers in this region. I was headed to Vermillion City with a ticket to board the SS Anne, but I have a lot of work to do. Have you heard of the SS Anne?
4: We see you don't have an SS Ticket... I think Bill, creator of the PC Pokemon Storage System, has one he might not be using. You can find Bill North-East of Cerulean City.
5: Is that an SS Ticket? You may pass through this gate to the South.
6: I've been feeling a little seasick... Being out on the water for 3 months will do that to you. Who are you? ... Oh I see... So you are a Pokemon Trainer. Well, it's nice to talk to someone. Have you heard of Hidden Machines (HMs)? HMs can be used to teach moves to some Pokemon. They can also be used outside of battle. For example, HM01 Cut allows you to cut down some trees like the one here.
7: You're not from around here are you? Wait... you already have multiple gym badges? That's great! It looks like you're making progress as a trainer. I'm sure you already know about evolution stones. I found this one right here on the ground.
8: Excuse me... I'm working. I am a researcher for this museum. I specialize in Fossil Pokemon. You may already know, but there is a Lab in Vermillion City that can restore these fossils to life. We just got a new shipment.
9: This cave leads right to Pewter City, but it's full of Diglett and Dugtrio. I hear there is a Museum in Pewter City where you can look at Fossils.
10: You're a new trainer? I have a really cool tip for you. During wild Pokemon battles, if you see an asterisk '*' next to a Pokemon's name, that means you haven't caught that Pokemon yet!
11: I like the game corner! Lots of fun games to play.
12: The game corner is a great place to be, but I've always felt like members of Team Rocket are always around. I'm not sure what they're up to, but it can't be good.
13: You did a great job, kid. I was investigating Team Rocket for weeks but they captured me. I am very grateful to you. Here, I found that Team Rocket stole this Silph Scope. It should help you to see Ghost Pokemon, like those in Lavender Town. Good Luck kid!
14: You can't enter here. There are lots of Wild Ghost Pokemon. You would need a device like a Silph Scope in order to properly see them. Otherwise, it's very dangerous. Team Rocket Stole a Silph Scope from this tower. I heard they have a hideout somewhere in Celadon City.
15: Is that a Silph Scope? Please, enter here.
16: You need to defeat Brock at the Pokemon Gym before you can pass through to Mt. Moon!
17: This Underground Path is closed right now due to some criminal activity... Hey, you're a Pokemon Trainer! Why don't you go fight Misty at the Pokemon Gym?
18: Hi, I'm Mr. Fuji. Thank you so much for handling Team Rocket. I love Pokemon and I don't like how Team Rocket treats them. They kidnapped me and brought me here. Now I hear their next plan is to infiltrate Silph Co. in Saffron City. Have you heard of a Pokemon Flute? It can wake sleeping Pokemon in the wild.
19: Wow you seem like a really good trainer. You already have some badges! I'm still starting out, but I already caught many Pokemon of the same species. Have you ever heard of Eevee? It can evolve into multiple different types of Pokemon using stones! Do you think you can take good care of my Eevee? I think you will.
20: You can't come through here yet. According to Pokemon League Rules, only trainers with at least 4 badges can enter this area. There are Gym Leaders in Vermillion City and Celadon City. Vermillion City is West of Route 10. Celadon City is West of Lavender Town, which is to the North of Route 10.
21: Welcome to the Safari Zone! Here, you won't battle Pokemon to catch them. Instead, you can approach a Pokemon and throw bait to increase your chance of catching it. Approaching a Pokemon will increase your  chance of hitting them with a Pokeball, but will also increase the risk of a Pokemon fleeing. Throwing bait will decrease the risk of a Pokemon fleeing, and will increase the chance of catching the Pokemon. But Bait and Safari Balls are both limited during your time in the Safari Zone. Good luck!
22: Congratulations! You made it through the Safari Zone. As a prize, we give out the HM, surf! This will allow certain Pokemon to move through the water at some areas of this region.
777: Reached End of npc_messages.txt file